---
title: 英语六级-作文集
thumbnail: /2019/05/17/d3541f2b/zd01.jpg
tags: 六级考试
categories: English
abbrlink: 974d40fd
date: 2019-06-15 11:50:07
---

## 前言

六级考试范例作文

<!--More--> 

## 第一组(两篇)

**题目1: 2016真题**
**题目2: 志愿者**

`Directions：For this part，you are allowed 30 minutes to write a short essay on innovation/ creation/ invention. Your essay should include the importance of innovation and measures to be taken to encourage innovation/creation/invention. You are required to write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.`
**参考范文：**
　　In the era that is full of competition and challenges, the issue of how to be innovative has been brought into focus. “Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.” Thomas Edison, a famous inventor, once put it that way. And I totally agree with him.
　　According to Edison, one can only achieve a hundred percent success by both hard work and the creation elicited by the inspiration. In other words, being creative or innovative is an essential quality for people to succeed. Besides, it is the unceasingly up-coming innovations that have actually promote the progress of human beings.
There are several ways to be innovative. To start with, one should learn to break the rule. The rule is used to regulate people’s behavior and to make everything in order. Nevertheless, new things do not always follow the old routines for their unique qualities. Thus, to create something new, you have to be brave enough to ignore what is old. Furthermore, it is vital that a creative person should adopt a sharp sense in the new trend in this fast-changing society. Living only with familiar things can trap oneself in the comfort zone which may gradually result in a dull and lazy mind. In that case, nothing new will ever come up to shine up his or her boring days. Only by being exposed to trendy and fashionable things as well as ideas can one really be on the right track of being innovative.

**题目2: 志愿者**

**题目要求：**
　　**1.现在越来越多的人加人志愿者的队伍**
　　**2.志愿者的意义**
　　**3.我的看法**
　　**参考范文：**
　　In recent years, the volunteering spirit hasspread widely among the public, especially among youngsters. FromOlympic Games to urban communities, many people are seen to offerfree help.
　　Volunteering is of tremendous benefit to thosein need. For example, hundreds of thousands of volunteers played anactive role in the quake-hit Yushu area: they offered medical andpsychological aid tothe victims in the relief work. On the otherhand, volunteering is beneficial to the volunteers themselves too.Involved in volunteering activities, people are exposed to newcircumstances and they can learn how to work well in a team and howto improve their interpersonal skills, all of which are criticalfor their career development.
　　In my view, we should all join in volunteeringwork as long as we have spare time. That doesn’tnecessarily mean that we all volunteer in regions struck by naturaldisasters. There are many people who need our help, i.e. the old orthe sick in the near nursing home.Little by little, we are sure tohelp make the world better.

## 第二组(两篇)

**题目1：海外留学**
**题目2：炫富**

   **议论文是一种常见的文体，近年来，六级考试尤其注重议论文的写作能力，因为许多事情都有两面性，许多作文题目的做法是提出一种社会现象，要求作者在作文中分析利弊，下面是为你准备的两篇作文题目及对应的范文。**

**题目1：海外留学**
**题目要求：**
**1）海外留学的好处**
**2）海外留学也存在一些问题**
**3）我的观点**

**参考范文**

**题目1：海外留学**
　
　　The discussion about overseas study has never stopped in the pastfew years. Let‘s have a look at its advantagesand disadvantages before drawing the final conclusion.
　　The biggest advantage ofstudying overseas is the higher academic level and advancedresearch facilities. What’s more, byunderstanding a new culture and meeting different people, studentscan develop a more reasonable and balanced view towards the world.Last but not least, the experience will be invaluable to characterbuilding, which makes most students more independent, diligent andenterprising.
　　However, the negative effects are also obvious.To begin with, if a person does not make full preparations beforegoing abroad, he will have great difficulty adapting to the newenvironment. In the second place,the cultural differences willhinder the regular life in many ways.Finally, money is always a bigproblem. Many students have to find part-time jobs to earn money topay tuition and fees.
　　In conclusion, the advantages of overseas studyoutweigh disadvantages. Once they return home, the overseasstudents will make great contributions toour motherland.

**题目2：炫富**

**题目要求：**
    **1）由于经济的发展，有一些人喜欢炫富**
    **2）人们对这一现象的看法不一**
    **3）我的看法**

**题目：炫富**

　　Nowadays, it is not rare to seepeople displaying their wealth on the Internet. Some postpicturesof luxury goods, such as brand clothes and bags, luxuriousautomobiles or jewelries. Some write about their experiences inwhich a lot of money is spent.
　　People have differentresponses to this phenomenon. Some say that it ispeople’s right to share their possessions orexperiences with others on the Internet, as long as the things arelegal and the experiences are real. However, some criticize thatthe rich people are too arrogant. What’s worse,there are also a few who are not actually rich but put fake photosonlyto satisfy their vanity.
　　In my opinion, sharing isagood thing, and it is exactly the spirit of the Internet.Butpeople should make careful choice on what they are sharing.After all,showing off is not very nice, not to mention faking.

## 第三篇(两篇)

**题目1:中国的污染**
**题目2:环境与经济**

**环境污染已经成为了很多人都关心的一个问题，近年来，六级考试也开始偏向于提出与环境污染相关的作文题目，这也是属于议论文的一种，需要描写现状和发表自己的看法。下面是为你准备的两篇有关环境污染话题的作文题目及对应的范文。**

**题目要求1：**
    **世界上污染最严重的二十个城市当中，有十个来自中国，可以看出中国目前的环境污染已经比较严重了，你觉得这是哪些原因造成的呢？应该如何解决？**

**题目1：中国的污染**

　　It isreported that ten big cities in China are being ranked among thetop twenty cities with the highest pollution index in the world.This means it is high time we did something to bring the situationunder control.
  Many factors are contributing to thedeteriorating situation: industrial wastes pumped into the air, thelakes and rivers; a increasing number of automobiles crowding intothe streets; the widespread use of plastic bags etc.
　　To my view, stiffer lawsand regulations must be implemented to check pollution. Industriesthat release wastes without permission should be heavily fined.Carsshould be equipped to minimize the exhaust they release into theair. And the use of plastic bags and disposable meal boxes shouldbe banned. What's more, the media should play an important role inimplanting a sense of environmental consciousness into people'smind.
　　If everybody works toward a common goal ofmaking the environment better, we can create a cleaner and lovelierworld for us and for the coming generation.

**题目要求2：**

 **1)随着经济的高速发展，环境污染已经成为不可忽视的一个问题。**
 **2)如何做到环境与经济平衡发展？**

**参考范文**

**题目2：环境与经济**

　　Nowadays wehave enjoyed an increasingly prosperous life in the wake ofenormous social and economic development. But at the same time, weforget that the consequence brought about by rapid economicdevelopment. For instance,greenhouse effect,duststorm,haze.
　　As societydevelops,people are attaching much importance to deal with therelationship between economic development andenvironmental.
　　Economic development isseemingly more important,the country develops much faster aner that it creates enormous job opportunities, improves livingconditions and increases government revenues. However, theenvironment is becoming worse and worse.In order to protect theenvironment which we depends on, something must be done.
　First and the foremost,we are expected touse public transportations instead of private cars that emit alarge amount of exhaust gas.what’s more, we canplant more trees to absorb carbon dioxide and build anenvironment-friendly society. Last butnot least, it is surelynecessary to complete relevant laws and regulations.
　　We should rememberthatour future depends upon what we do right now.

## 第四组(两篇)

**题目1：自行车出行**
**题目2：微笑**

**记叙文是一种常见的文体，近年来，六级考试尤其注重记叙文的写作能力，题目一般提出一种常见的事物，要求描写其特点并表达自己的看法，写这种的文章时需要明确题目要求，叙述准确到位，下面是为你准备的两篇记叙文作文题目及范文。**

**题目要求1：**
　**出游的方式有很多种，有的人为了节省时间乘坐飞机，有的人选择较为舒适的火车，还有的人情愿乘坐拥挤的巴士。但你们有没有想过自行车旅行也是一种不错的方式呢!**

**范文：**

**题目1：自行车出行**
　　There are many waysoftraveling. People may travel by plane if they want to travelfarand reach their destination in a shorter time. It is themostcomfortable but expensive way. Most people travel by trainbecauseit is a less expensive way but the compartments are crampedandstuffy. Bus journey is a cheaper way but it is spent onnarrow,bumpy roads which are crowded with traffic. Trips by shipmay bethe cheapest and most comfortable way but it takes toomuchtime.　　

　　I like traveling by bike.Ican set out when I like and stop when I like. I can go whereverIlike so that I can enjoy delightful spots rarely visited byothertravelers. When I feel tired, I sit down by the bike and haveagood rest. Besides, I can save much money for tickets and muchtimein waiting for the train or bus. I can cover more places byridinga bike than going on foot.　　

　　Traveling by bike is goodtohealth. It is really a sort of good exercise to strengthenone'smuscles and to test one's will. Moreover, it brings nopollution tothe air. So it helps to clean the atmosphere.

**题目要求2：**

**1)有些人不喜欢微笑，或者轻视微笑的作用;**

**2)其实微笑是最好的语言。**

**题目2：微笑**　　

　　It has long been acceptedthat a smile is the best language. The truth of a smile is thatitis like a seed that can grow into a towering tree and at longlast it has deep and profound effect onpeople’slives.　

　　At the moment we getintrouble,get misunderstood or give thanks,a smile is more helpful than any other ex-pression. Many daily incidents can probe thestrength/power of smile.To begin with,we should always smile toourselves,so as to keep optimistic when in difficulty.At the sametime,smiling to others is necessary, too. Sometimes, we may facemisunderstandings that are hard to explain clearly simplybuwords.Then, a smile can show them the genuine sincerity to wintheir trust. Besides, smile is a worldwide language to say“thanks” and can bring pleasantfeelings to others.　　

　　In a word,perhaps the bestexample of universally understood body language is smile. As theold saying goes, smile to others,and sooner or later they willsmile back to you.

## 第五组(两篇)

**题目1.公务员热潮题目2.低头族**

**议论文是一种常见的文体，近年来，六级考试尤其注重议论文的写作能力，题目一般是针对某种社会现象发表自己的看法，写这种的文章时需要清晰的逻辑和干练的表达，下面为你准备两篇有关社会现象的热点作文题目及参考范文。**

**题目要求1：**

**1)近几年兴起了一股报考国家公务员的热潮**

**2)分析产生这一现象的原因3)你对此的看法是……**

**题目1.公务员热潮**　　

　　In recent years, there aremore and more people who have participated in the test for nationalcivil servants. Millions of students choose civil servant as theirmost ideal occupation after graduation. And among them, thehigh-educated, like masters and doctors, take quite a largepercentage. The craze in civil servant test has attractedwidespread attention.  

　　The following reasons canaccount for this kind of craze. Above all, nowadays collegestudents face great employment pressure. Civil servant, as one ofthe most stable professions in today’s China,becomes their preferable choice. Moreover, in recent years, thewelfare and salary of civil servants have been improved greatly,which undoubtedly attracts many people. Besides, the high socialposition of civil servants is an important factor drawing manypeople to take part in the civil servant test.　

　　In my opinion, this craze in civil servant testwill continue in the following years. However, from the long run,it doesn’t do good to the development of thenation. If most high quality talents gather in the governmentdepartments, it might lead to a waste of resources. Therefore, boththe individuals and the government should have a more objectiverecognition of the civil servant test craze.

**题目2.低头族**

**题目要求2：**

**1）现在，各个场所“低头族”现象比较普遍**

**2）出现这一现象的原因**

**3）我对这一现象的看法和建议**

　　The picturedepicts a couple dating in the park. While the man just focuses onhis cellphones, and doesn’t pay any attention tohis partner or the nature beauty in the park. This picture reflectsa common phenomenon in today’s society: peoplespend too much time with their cellphones and communicate less andless with the people around them.　　

　　Nowadays, thesmart-cellphones become more and more important in our daily life.They have made our life more convenient. We are timely aware of themost latest news around or faraway from us.　　

　　However, everything has twosides. Except for all the advantages, the smart-cellphones alsohave brought some problems. First, when you’refocus on the cellphone, you may ignore the beautiful scene aroundyou. What’s worse, you are just absorbed in yourown small world, rather than share your happiness and sorrows withthe family. You hardly talk with your family and the ones aroundyou. You become indifferent to them.　　

　　All in all,let’s put down the cellphones and spend more timecommunicating with our family and friends face to facedirectly.